[bthome_mithermometer] add encrypted beacon support (#5961)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/sensor/xiaomi_ble.md

{{< img src="xiaomi_lywsd03mmc.jpg" alt="Image" width="30.0%" class="align-center" >}}

> There are the several possibilities to operate this sensor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to operate this sensor:
```
